sql_server/01_summary.md, before:

﻿
# sql server{.chapter}

### content

- [Aggregate table strings into one csv value (with SQL Server)](table_to_csv.md)
- [Backup restore script](backup_restore_script.md)
- [Basic data dictionary](data_dictionary.md)
- [Bulk Comparison with Hashbytes](bulk_comparison_with_hashbytes.md)
- [Case Sensitive String Comparison](case_sensitive_string_comparison.md)
- [Check if Column exists, or if constraint exists or if index exists (including spatial index)](check_if_column_constraint_index_exists.md)
- [Collation: find it, compare it, change it](collation_find_change_compare.md)
- [Compare environments](compare_environments.md)
- [Convert a timestamp column to a varchar](convert_timestamp_to_varchar.md)
- [Count occurrences of string](Count_Occurrences_of_String.md)
- [Create a role that gives a user permissions on a specific schema](create_schema_specific_role.md)
- [Create active directory user on SQL Server](create_active_directory_user_on_sql_server.md)
- [Create of alter for stored procedures and views etc](create-or-alter.md)
- [Create Schema with Authorization](Create_Schema_Authorization.md)
- [Csv To Html function in SQL](CsvToHtml_Function_in_SQL.md)
- [Delete duplicate rows](delete_duplicate_rows.md)
- [Deleting millions of rows from SQL Server](delete_millions_of_rows.md)
- [Ensure String Is an Integer](ensure_string_is_an_integer.md)
- [Example query for bucketing up a bunch of values in SQL Server](histogram.md)
- [Find (and fix) large tables](find_large_tables.md)
- [find a foreign key by searching for the table or column from either end](find_foreign_key_table_column_either_end.md)
- [Find current sessions/users/who is locking](find_current_sessions.md)
- [Find missing indexes in sql server](find_missing_indexes_in_sql_server.md)
- [Find open transactions in SQL Server](find_open_transactions.md)
- [Find Whitespace in Object Names](find_whitespace.md)
- [Finding unused indexes in sql server](find_unused_indexes_in_sql_server.md)
- [First (and last) day of the month](first_day_of_month.md)
- [Format DateTime as yyyy-MM-dd](format_datetime_yyyy-MM-dd.md)
- [Format your queries](format_your_queries.md)
- [Generate Change Script](generate_change_script.md)
- [How do I Convert a Hex varchar to a Bigint in SQL Server? (solved)](convert_hex_varchar_to_bigint.md)
- [How much space does my DB use?](how_much_space_does_my_db_use.md)
- [How much space is left on the drives that my sql server can access?](drive_sizes.md)
- [How to insert identity values into an identity column](identity_insert_off.md)
- [How to use SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) to access Windows authenticated databases across a VPN ](use_ssms_across_vpn.md)
- [Import CSV using SSMS tools](import_csv.md)
- [Index fragmentation and nasty page splits](index_fragmentation_and_nasty_page_splits.md)
- [Indexing for Performance by Kimberly Tripp](indexing_for_performance_kimberly_tripp.md)
- [Info Message: Processing Info returned from SQL (in C#)](info_message.md)
- [Inline MIN](inline_min.md)
- [Log message immediately during a long running procedure](Log_Message_During_LongRunning_Proc.md)
- [Mismatch between estimated and actual number of rows returned in Execution Plan](mismatch_between_estimated_and_actual.md)
- [Need to delete backup files?](delete_backup_files.md)
- [Outer Apply can be very useful](outer_apply.md)
- [Parse varchar into DateTime](parse_varchar_into_datetime.md)
- [Pivot reports with dynamic pivoted columns (by day)](pivot.md)
- [Prevent saving changes that require the table to be re-created](table_re_creation.md)
- [R Services on SQL Server 2016+ (and Regular Expressions)](R_Services_and_Regex.md)
- [Run a command against each table](run_a_command_against_each_table.md)
- [Scalar Function in SQL that returns everything After a specified character](scalar_function_AfterChar.md)
- [Search all views functions or sprocs for a piece of text](find_view_function_or_sproc.md)
- [See Wait Times in SQL Server](see_wait_times.md)
- [Select top N where N is a variable](select_top_with_dynamic_limit.md)
- [Set a database to simple recovery model](simple_recovery_model.md)
- [Sick of typing sp_heltpext ?](sp_heltpext.md)
- [Slow and long running queries](slow_and_long_running_queries.md)
- [Split string in SQL Server](split_string.md)
- [SSMS Dark Mode in SQL Server Management Studio](SSMS_Dark_Mode.md)
- [Temporal Table feature in SQL Server](temporal_tables.md)
- [Trailing Cr Lf](trailing_cr_lf.md)
- [Trim or zero-out a portion of a datetime](datetime_trim_hours_milliseconds.md)
- [Updating millions of rows from SQL Server](update_millions_of_rows.md)
- [Use Ctrl-E to execute your query](ctrl_e_execute.md)
- [Using Merge for upsert (update or insert)](merge_for_upsert.md)
- [View statistics](view_statistics.md)
- [Weibull function](Weibull_Function.md)
- [What date was it on the most recent Monday (i.e. last Monday)?](last_monday.md)
- [When was SQL Server restarted?](start_time.md)
- [Where does SSMS put queries before they've been saved?](where_does_ssms_put_its_queries.md)
- [Windowed Functions in SQL Server](windowed_functions.md)
- [WITH (common table expressions)](with_common_table_expression.md)
- [Xtype (in sysobjects)](xtype.md)

Commit message:

devops, anki, notepad++ darkmode at last, npm outdated, powershell folder file count, sql server restarts and prod updates

sql_server/01_summary.md, after:

﻿
# sql server{.chapter}

### content

- [Aggregate table strings into one csv value (with SQL Server)](table_to_csv.md)
- [Backup restore script](backup_restore_script.md)
- [Basic data dictionary](data_dictionary.md)
- [Bulk Comparison with Hashbytes](bulk_comparison_with_hashbytes.md)
- [Case Sensitive String Comparison](case_sensitive_string_comparison.md)
- [Check if Column exists, or if constraint exists or if index exists (including spatial index)](check_if_column_constraint_index_exists.md)
- [Collation: find it, compare it, change it](collation_find_change_compare.md)
- [Compare environments](compare_environments.md)
- [Convert a timestamp column to a varchar](convert_timestamp_to_varchar.md)
- [Count occurrences of string](Count_Occurrences_of_String.md)
- [Create a role that gives a user permissions on a specific schema](create_schema_specific_role.md)
- [Create active directory user on SQL Server](create_active_directory_user_on_sql_server.md)
- [Create of alter for stored procedures and views etc](create-or-alter.md)
- [Create Schema with Authorization](Create_Schema_Authorization.md)
- [Csv To Html function in SQL](CsvToHtml_Function_in_SQL.md)
- [Delete duplicate rows](delete_duplicate_rows.md)
- [Deleting millions of rows from SQL Server](delete_millions_of_rows.md)
- [Ensure String Is an Integer](ensure_string_is_an_integer.md)
- [Example query for bucketing up a bunch of values in SQL Server](histogram.md)
- [Find (and fix) large tables](find_large_tables.md)
- [find a foreign key by searching for the table or column from either end](find_foreign_key_table_column_either_end.md)
- [Find current sessions/users/who is locking](find_current_sessions.md)
- [Find missing indexes in sql server](find_missing_indexes_in_sql_server.md)
- [Find open transactions in SQL Server](find_open_transactions.md)
- [Find Whitespace in Object Names](find_whitespace.md)
- [Finding unused indexes in sql server](find_unused_indexes_in_sql_server.md)
- [First (and last) day of the month](first_day_of_month.md)
- [Format DateTime as yyyy-MM-dd](format_datetime_yyyy-MM-dd.md)
- [Format your queries](format_your_queries.md)
- [Generate Change Script](generate_change_script.md)
- [How do I Convert a Hex varchar to a Bigint in SQL Server? (solved)](convert_hex_varchar_to_bigint.md)
- [How much space does my DB use?](how_much_space_does_my_db_use.md)
- [How much space is left on the drives that my sql server can access?](drive_sizes.md)
- [How to insert identity values into an identity column](identity_insert_off.md)
- [How to use SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) to access Windows authenticated databases across a VPN ](use_ssms_across_vpn.md)
- [Import CSV using SSMS tools](import_csv.md)
- [Index fragmentation and nasty page splits](index_fragmentation_and_nasty_page_splits.md)
- [Indexing for Performance by Kimberly Tripp](indexing_for_performance_kimberly_tripp.md)
- [Info Message: Processing Info returned from SQL (in C#)](info_message.md)
- [Inline MIN](inline_min.md)
- [Log message immediately during a long running procedure](Log_Message_During_LongRunning_Proc.md)
- [Mismatch between estimated and actual number of rows returned in Execution Plan](mismatch_between_estimated_and_actual.md)
- [Need to delete backup files?](delete_backup_files.md)
- [Outer Apply can be very useful](outer_apply.md)
- [Parse varchar into DateTime](parse_varchar_into_datetime.md)
- [Pivot reports with dynamic pivoted columns (by day)](pivot.md)
- [Prevent saving changes that require the table to be re-created](table_re_creation.md)
- [R Services on SQL Server 2016+ (and Regular Expressions)](R_Services_and_Regex.md)
- [Run a command against each table](run_a_command_against_each_table.md)
- [Scalar Function in SQL that returns everything After a specified character](scalar_function_AfterChar.md)
- [Search all views functions or sprocs for a piece of text](find_view_function_or_sproc.md)
- [Search the event log for sql server restarts with this powershell query](find_sql_server_restarts.md)
- [See Wait Times in SQL Server](see_wait_times.md)
- [Select top N where N is a variable](select_top_with_dynamic_limit.md)
- [Set a database to simple recovery model](simple_recovery_model.md)
- [Sick of typing sp_heltpext ?](sp_heltpext.md)
- [Slow and long running queries](slow_and_long_running_queries.md)
- [Split string in SQL Server](split_string.md)
- [SSMS Dark Mode in SQL Server Management Studio](SSMS_Dark_Mode.md)
- [Temporal Table feature in SQL Server](temporal_tables.md)
- [Trailing Cr Lf](trailing_cr_lf.md)
- [Trim or zero-out a portion of a datetime](datetime_trim_hours_milliseconds.md)
- [Updating millions of rows from SQL Server](update_millions_of_rows.md)
- [Use Ctrl-E to execute your query](ctrl_e_execute.md)
- [Using Merge for upsert (update or insert)](merge_for_upsert.md)
- [View statistics](view_statistics.md)
- [Weibull function](Weibull_Function.md)
- [What date was it on the most recent Monday (i.e. last Monday)?](last_monday.md)
- [When was SQL Server restarted?](start_time.md)
- [Where does SSMS put queries before they've been saved?](where_does_ssms_put_its_queries.md)
- [Windowed Functions in SQL Server](windowed_functions.md)
- [WITH (common table expressions)](with_common_table_expression.md)
- [Wrap an update in a transaction with this script template...](wrap_updates_in_transactions.md)
- [Xtype (in sysobjects)](xtype.md)
