powershell/01_summary.md, before:


# powershell{.chapter}

## content

- [Add Dates in Powershell](add_date.md)
- [Add note property to object in pipeline](add_property_to_object_along_pipeline.md)
- [Alias: a guide to powershell and aliases](alias.md)
- [All Emoji returned by Emoji Module](emoji_list.md)
- [An issue with Powershell Tokenize](tokenize_issue.md)
- [Avoid 'access is denied' when using Powershell Remoting to Copy to a Shared Network Folder (i.e. Defeating Kerberos)](avoid_access_is_denied_when_remoting_talking_to_share.md)
- [Base64 Encode and Decode string](base64_encode_decode.md)
- [Calculate sha256 filehash of a file](get_filehash.md)
- [Command Precedence in Powershell](powershell_precedence_of_commands_aliases.md)
- [Convert Text Output into Pipeline Output](Convert_Host_text_to_pipeline_text.md)
- [Count distinct rows (in powershell)](count_distinct_rows.md)
- [Count Files by Type](filetypes.md)
- [Count lines of code with powershell](count_lines_of_code.md)
- [Create dynamic custom objects](custom_objects.md)
- [Create profile](create_profile.md)
- [Creating a record of all your powershell commands](Transcript.md)
- [Date format in powershell](date_format.md)
- [Detect File Encoding (with Powershell)](detect_file_encoding.md)
- [Determine the width of the console](Width_of_the_Console.md)
- [Difference between two dates (using powershell)](diff_between_two_dates.md)
- [Download a webpage to a file, from Powershell](download_webpage_to_file.md)
- [ErrorAction SilentlyContinue](silently_continue.md)
- [Find all fonts on your machine](find_all_fonts.md)
- [Find all the TODO's in a file or folder](find_todos.md)
- [Find File Types in a Folder](Find_File_Types.md)
- [Find Files Older than X Days](find_files_older_than_x_days.md)
- [Find headings in markdown](find_headings_in_markdown.md)
- [Find last boot time](boot_time.md)
- [Find text (from powershell)](find_text.md)
- [For a new process to runas a different (admin) user from powershell](runas.md)
- [Format number with padding](format_number.md)
- [Format-Table with Expressions](format_table_with_expressions.md)
- [Get a random number in Powershell](Random.md)
- [Get Parts of a FileInfo object (such as FileName Without Extension)](parts_of_a_fileInfo_object.md)
- [Get Powershell Tokens (i.e. for parsing/syntax highlighting)](get_powershell_tokens.md)
- [Get-Member is awesome](get-member.md)
- [Getting started with Powershell -- the first five minutes](getting_started.md)
- [Group objects in powershell](group_objects_in_powershell.md)
- [Here Strings](here_strings.md)
- [Histograms in Powershell](histogram.md)
- [How can I tell which version of powershell I have?](version.md)
- [How Do I Get the Current Time or Current Date or TODAY in Powershell](current_time.md)
- [How Do I Get TODAY in Powershell](today.md)
- [How do you parse a date in powershell?](parsedate_in_powershell.md)
- [How do you update a password via powershell (solved)](update_password.md)
- [How to call command line apps like a powershell pro](call_commandline_apps.md)
- [How to completely remove a module](how_to_completely_remove_a_module.md)
- [How to convert between kilobytes megabytes gigabytes etc?](convert_KB_MB_GB.md)
- [How to count mercurial repositories (or git repositories)](count_repositories.md)
- [How to create a literal array in powershell](literal_array.md)
- [How to determine password complexity rules (from powershell)](password_complexity.md)
- [How to do default parameter values in Powershell](default_parameter_values.md)
- [How to do the equivalent of "dir /w" in powershell?](dir_wide.md)
- [How to find how much free space is left on a drive](how_to_find_free_space_on_C_drive.md)
- [How to find parts of a pathinfo object in powershell](how_to_find_parts_of_a_pathinfo_object.md)
- [How to make a custom class](how_to_make_a_custom_class.md)
- [How to pass an argument to a powershell script](pass_argument_to_script.md)
- [How to publish a module](publish_module.md)
- [How to remove a package provider](remove_package_provider.md)
- [How to rename photos, using EXIF data (with powershell)](rename_photos.md)
- [How to turn a string into a FileInfo in Powershell](how_to_turn_a_string_into_a_fileinfo.md)
- [In powershell you don't have 1 profile, you have 4 different ones](profile_4_different_ones.md)
- [Is this 64 or 32 bit PowerShell today?](is_this_64_or_32_bit_powershell_today.md)
- [JSON: reading and writing JSON with Powershell](json_read_write.md)
- [Load or Save CSV with Powershell](load_save_csv.md)
- [Match Operator Examples](match_examples.md)
- [Maximum of two values (or minimum)](max_of_two_values.md)
- [Measure-Command is how to measure the time to run a command in powershell](measure_command.md)
- [Module and Package Commands](module_commands.md)
- [Multi line comments in powershell](multi-line_comments.md)
- [Operation is blocked by software restriction policies](operation_is_blocked_by_software_restriction_policies.md)
- [Parameters: general guide](parameters_general_guide.md)
- [Parse a Powershell Comment block](parse_comment_block.md)
- [PATH: getting it, adding to it and managing it](PATH.md)
- [Pester: Getting Started with using Pester to test powershell](pester_getting_started.md)
- [Powershell 'out-file' set the encoding](out-file-encoding.md)
- [Powershell prompt](prompt.md)
- [PsGet Conflicts with PowershellGet](psget_conflicts_with_PowerShellGet.md)
- [Refresh environment variables](refresh_environment_variables.md)
- [Regex with powershell - only a few things you need to know to get you started](regex_with_powershell.md)
- [Rename all files and folders to lower case](Rename_to_lower_case.md)
- [Rename with Force](rename_with_force.md)
- [Repeat every n seconds forever](repeat_every_n_seconds_forever.md)
- [Replace a line in a file](replace_a_line_in_a_file.md)
- [Resolve 502 error (proxy issue) when using Powershell Remoting](resolve_502_proxy_issue_when_remoting.md)
- [Sample scripts for dumb or fun ideas](dumb_or_fun_ideas.md)
- [See all console colors](console_colors.md)
- [See Function Definition](see_function_definition.md)
- [Show Folders FileCount Filtered For Folders with 500 Files](show_folders_filecount.md)
- [Sleep for N Milliseconds](sleep_milliseconds.md)
- [Split file into named files](split_file_into_named_files.md)
- [Store and use password via secure string](store_and_use_password_via_securestring.md)
- [Test-Path is how you check if a file exists](Test_Path.md)
- [The `get-aduser` cmdlet is useful to get info about a user account](get_aduser.md)
- [To elevate the prompt](elevate.md)
- [To Sort Unique](sort.md)
- [To test if the current user is an admin](is_current_user_admin.md)
- [Top 10 files by size, in all subfolders](top_ten_files.md)
- [Tree](tree.md)
- [Use Get-Module to list all available modules (packages)](Get_All_Available_Modules.md)
- [Use Google Maps from the PowerShell](Use_Google_Maps.md)
- [Use Job to measure Processors](Use_Job_To_Measure_Processors.md)
- [Use Script Analyzer to Find Style Problems with your Scripts](Script_Analyzer.md)
- [Verbs in Powershell - what is allowed and what are they for?](verbs_in_powershell.md)
- [Want to prompt user for credentials and then run a script on a remote machine?](interactive_remote_script.md)
- [What is a module?](module_what_is_it.md)
- [Where is the current script running from?](where_is_script_running_from.md)
- [Which and Which+](which-and-which-plus.md)
- [Who is using each port?](who_is_using_each_port.md)
- [Write-Host considered Harmful, so what should we do?](write-host_alternatives.md)

Commit message:

.net could not load file / version of DLL with powershell / Linux library loading

powershell/01_summary.md, after:


# powershell{.chapter}

## content

- [Add Dates in Powershell](add_date.md)
- [Add note property to object in pipeline](add_property_to_object_along_pipeline.md)
- [Alias: a guide to powershell and aliases](alias.md)
- [All Emoji returned by Emoji Module](emoji_list.md)
- [An issue with Powershell Tokenize](tokenize_issue.md)
- [Avoid 'access is denied' when using Powershell Remoting to Copy to a Shared Network Folder (i.e. Defeating Kerberos)](avoid_access_is_denied_when_remoting_talking_to_share.md)
- [Base64 Encode and Decode string](base64_encode_decode.md)
- [Calculate sha256 filehash of a file](get_filehash.md)
- [Command Precedence in Powershell](powershell_precedence_of_commands_aliases.md)
- [Convert Text Output into Pipeline Output](Convert_Host_text_to_pipeline_text.md)
- [Count distinct rows (in powershell)](count_distinct_rows.md)
- [Count Files by Type](filetypes.md)
- [Count lines of code with powershell](count_lines_of_code.md)
- [Create dynamic custom objects](custom_objects.md)
- [Create profile](create_profile.md)
- [Creating a record of all your powershell commands](Transcript.md)
- [Date format in powershell](date_format.md)
- [Detect File Encoding (with Powershell)](detect_file_encoding.md)
- [Determine the width of the console](Width_of_the_Console.md)
- [Difference between two dates (using powershell)](diff_between_two_dates.md)
- [Download a webpage to a file, from Powershell](download_webpage_to_file.md)
- [ErrorAction SilentlyContinue](silently_continue.md)
- [Find all fonts on your machine](find_all_fonts.md)
- [Find all the TODO's in a file or folder](find_todos.md)
- [Find File Types in a Folder](Find_File_Types.md)
- [Find Files Older than X Days](find_files_older_than_x_days.md)
- [Find headings in markdown](find_headings_in_markdown.md)
- [Find last boot time](boot_time.md)
- [Find text (from powershell)](find_text.md)
- [For a new process to runas a different (admin) user from powershell](runas.md)
- [Format number with padding](format_number.md)
- [Format-Table with Expressions](format_table_with_expressions.md)
- [Get a random number in Powershell](Random.md)
- [Get Parts of a FileInfo object (such as FileName Without Extension)](parts_of_a_fileInfo_object.md)
- [Get Powershell Tokens (i.e. for parsing/syntax highlighting)](get_powershell_tokens.md)
- [Get-Member is awesome](get-member.md)
- [Getting started with Powershell -- the first five minutes](getting_started.md)
- [Group objects in powershell](group_objects_in_powershell.md)
- [Here Strings](here_strings.md)
- [Histograms in Powershell](histogram.md)
- [How can I tell which version of powershell I have?](version.md)
- [How Do I Get the Current Time or Current Date or TODAY in Powershell](current_time.md)
- [How Do I Get TODAY in Powershell](today.md)
- [How do you parse a date in powershell?](parsedate_in_powershell.md)
- [How do you update a password via powershell (solved)](update_password.md)
- [How to call command line apps like a powershell pro](call_commandline_apps.md)
- [How to completely remove a module](how_to_completely_remove_a_module.md)
- [How to convert between kilobytes megabytes gigabytes etc?](convert_KB_MB_GB.md)
- [How to count mercurial repositories (or git repositories)](count_repositories.md)
- [How to create a literal array in powershell](literal_array.md)
- [How to determine password complexity rules (from powershell)](password_complexity.md)
- [How to do default parameter values in Powershell](default_parameter_values.md)
- [How to do the equivalent of "dir /w" in powershell?](dir_wide.md)
- [How to find how much free space is left on a drive](how_to_find_free_space_on_C_drive.md)
- [How to find parts of a pathinfo object in powershell](how_to_find_parts_of_a_pathinfo_object.md)
- [How to get the version attributes of a DLL using Powershell](How_to_get_version_of_a_DLL_with_Powershell.md)
- [How to make a custom class](how_to_make_a_custom_class.md)
- [How to pass an argument to a powershell script](pass_argument_to_script.md)
- [How to publish a module](publish_module.md)
- [How to remove a package provider](remove_package_provider.md)
- [How to rename photos, using EXIF data (with powershell)](rename_photos.md)
- [How to turn a string into a FileInfo in Powershell](how_to_turn_a_string_into_a_fileinfo.md)
- [In powershell you don't have 1 profile, you have 4 different ones](profile_4_different_ones.md)
- [Is this 64 or 32 bit PowerShell today?](is_this_64_or_32_bit_powershell_today.md)
- [JSON: reading and writing JSON with Powershell](json_read_write.md)
- [Load or Save CSV with Powershell](load_save_csv.md)
- [Match Operator Examples](match_examples.md)
- [Maximum of two values (or minimum)](max_of_two_values.md)
- [Measure-Command is how to measure the time to run a command in powershell](measure_command.md)
- [Module and Package Commands](module_commands.md)
- [Multi line comments in powershell](multi-line_comments.md)
- [Operation is blocked by software restriction policies](operation_is_blocked_by_software_restriction_policies.md)
- [Parameters: general guide](parameters_general_guide.md)
- [Parse a Powershell Comment block](parse_comment_block.md)
- [PATH: getting it, adding to it and managing it](PATH.md)
- [Pester: Getting Started with using Pester to test powershell](pester_getting_started.md)
- [Powershell 'out-file' set the encoding](out-file-encoding.md)
- [Powershell prompt](prompt.md)
- [PsGet Conflicts with PowershellGet](psget_conflicts_with_PowerShellGet.md)
- [Refresh environment variables](refresh_environment_variables.md)
- [Regex with powershell - only a few things you need to know to get you started](regex_with_powershell.md)
- [Rename all files and folders to lower case](Rename_to_lower_case.md)
- [Rename with Force](rename_with_force.md)
- [Repeat every n seconds forever](repeat_every_n_seconds_forever.md)
- [Replace a line in a file](replace_a_line_in_a_file.md)
- [Resolve 502 error (proxy issue) when using Powershell Remoting](resolve_502_proxy_issue_when_remoting.md)
- [Sample scripts for dumb or fun ideas](dumb_or_fun_ideas.md)
- [See all console colors](console_colors.md)
- [See Function Definition](see_function_definition.md)
- [Show Folders FileCount Filtered For Folders with 500 Files](show_folders_filecount.md)
- [Sleep for N Milliseconds](sleep_milliseconds.md)
- [Split file into named files](split_file_into_named_files.md)
- [Store and use password via secure string](store_and_use_password_via_securestring.md)
- [Test-Path is how you check if a file exists](Test_Path.md)
- [The `get-aduser` cmdlet is useful to get info about a user account](get_aduser.md)
- [To elevate the prompt](elevate.md)
- [To Sort Unique](sort.md)
- [To test if the current user is an admin](is_current_user_admin.md)
- [Top 10 files by size, in all subfolders](top_ten_files.md)
- [Tree](tree.md)
- [Use Get-Module to list all available modules (packages)](Get_All_Available_Modules.md)
- [Use Google Maps from the PowerShell](Use_Google_Maps.md)
- [Use Job to measure Processors](Use_Job_To_Measure_Processors.md)
- [Use Script Analyzer to Find Style Problems with your Scripts](Script_Analyzer.md)
- [Verbs in Powershell - what is allowed and what are they for?](verbs_in_powershell.md)
- [Want to prompt user for credentials and then run a script on a remote machine?](interactive_remote_script.md)
- [What is a module?](module_what_is_it.md)
- [Where is the current script running from?](where_is_script_running_from.md)
- [Which and Which+](which-and-which-plus.md)
- [Who is using each port?](who_is_using_each_port.md)
- [Write-Host considered Harmful, so what should we do?](write-host_alternatives.md)
