todo/index_of_improvements.md, before:

﻿# TODO

> An index of improvements that could be made to this website.


## todo tracking



- a tag for including the {toc:} in the document.
	- a page for showing details of toc and other embedded macros used by clowncar.
		- an improved meta language allowing these other meta features.
			- trivially pluggable meta language with other sub-languages (through the provision of named (and findable) language provider classes.)

Other features that can be embedded in macros:
	- next/previous buttons

		[ ] a "next" link (and a previous) at each one...
		[ ] Ability to do "REDIRECT" for crappy pages I don't like.


## Auto Linting of the TIL

- next/previous buttons

- more application of `plaintext` fenced code blocks.

- Linting: 404 check all internal .md references!

- make vs-code use tab (for markdown files, not for other files)

- improve scroll bars, and write them up while you're there

- improve mobile layout - lighthouse etc (elements too close together [in search bar])

- keywords are highlighted.

- keywords are inter-related.

	(many are put in an ignore list.)

- code block extraction and listing


- hyperlink extraction and listing

## Consider

- [ ] Squarified treemap of topics and items


## done

9:56 AM Friday, 22 January 2021

-[x] code block highlighting

-[x]  pre blocks... correct language:
	- plaintext
	- language-powershell
	- ...idea: have a default "language" for each folder?


1:09 AM Sunday, 21 February 2021

- [x] Collapsible menus treemap
- [x] title of pages to be shown on page (not just the friendlified file name).
- [x] toc - expandable at top of page

Commit message:

some styling/css/javascript changes

todo/index_of_improvements.md, after:

﻿# TODO

> An index of improvements that could be made to this website.


## todo tracking

- styling og internal, external and blank, mailto, and onpage links...

- Generate an 'index.html' under each topic folder that redirects to "/01_summary.html"

- a tag for including the {toc:} in the document.
	- a page for showing details of toc and other embedded macros used by clowncar.
		- an improved meta language allowing these other meta features.
			- trivially pluggable meta language with other sub-languages (through the provision of named (and findable) language provider classes.)

Other features that can be embedded in macros:
	- next/previous buttons

		[ ] a "next" link (and a previous) at each one...
		[ ] Ability to do "REDIRECT" for crappy pages I don't like.


## Auto Linting of the TIL

- next/previous buttons

- more application of `plaintext` fenced code blocks.

- Linting: 404 check all internal .md references!

- make vs-code use tab (for markdown files, not for other files)

- improve scroll bars, and write them up while you're there

- improve mobile layout - lighthouse etc (elements too close together [in search bar])

- keywords are highlighted.

- keywords are inter-related.

	(many are put in an ignore list.)

- code block extraction and listing


- hyperlink extraction and listing

## Consider

- [ ] Squarified treemap of topics and items


## done

9:56 AM Friday, 22 January 2021

-[x] code block highlighting

-[x]  pre blocks... correct language:
	- plaintext
	- language-powershell
	- ...idea: have a default "language" for each folder?


1:09 AM Sunday, 21 February 2021

- [x] Collapsible menus treemap
- [x] title of pages to be shown on page (not just the friendlified file name).
- [x] toc - expandable at top of page
